Hi, again. You'll now use
the Viterbi algorithm to
continue populating
the two matrices
you initialized in
the previous video.
You'll see how you
can assign part of
speech tags to certain
words in the sentence.
Let's take a look at an example.
The forward pass is the second
of three steps to populate
your matrices C and
D. Now that you have initialized
the matrices C and D,
all the remaining entries
in the two matrices,
C and D, are populated
column by column during
the forward pass.
For the C matrix,
the entries are calculated by
this complicated
looking function.
Let's picture the next
step on the graph,
so this becomes clear.
Let's say you want to
calculate the entry C_1,2.
Then you can fill
in the values to
the formula starting
from the last term.
The last term of the
formula is simply
the emission probability
from tag t_1 toward w_2.
You have the a_k,1,
which is the transition
probability from the parts of
speech tag t_k to the
current tag t_1 and t_k1,
which represents
the probability for
the preceding path
you've traversed.
You choose the k, which
maximizes the entire formula.
In this case, there are
three states that are
not the initial state.
So k is either 1, 2 or 3.
In each d_i,j you
simply save the k,
which maximizes the
entry in c_i,j.
Here, there are three states
that are not the initial state,
so k is either 1, 2 or 3.
This is defined by this
scary-looking formula,
which is the same as for c_i,j,
except the leading argmax.
The argmax function
returns the k,
which maximizes the
function arguments
instead of the maximum value.
Almost there just one more step.
You now computes the
probability matrix
using the Viterbi algorithm.
In the next video, you're
going to see how you can use
this probability
matrix that you just
created to reconstruct the path,
so that you can identify
each word with the
parts of speech.